## INTROSDE  Assignment 03: SOAP Web Services (SERVER)

**Identification**: your full name and email address.
* The name of the student with whom you worked in pair (otherwise write you worked alone)
* The URL of your server and server URL of the partner student, 
* Link to his/her Github repository.

**Project**: description of the project (2 paragraphs). 1 paragraph about the code, 1 paragraph about the tasks the code does.

**Execution**: execution procedure of this Assignment (How to run it). We will follow this description to compile and evaluate your result.

**Additional Notes**: Additional observations if necessary.

## Identification

**Elia Rigo**

**190487**

**elia.rigo@studenti.unitn.it**

**HEROKU Server URL: https://introsde2017-assign-3-server.herokuapp.com/assignment/**

## Code
**introsde-2017-assignment-3-server**

The **src** folder contains all the Java classes of the server App.
In particular:
* The META-INF folder contains the persistence.xml JPA file
* The **dao** package contains the ActivityPreferenceDao class necessary to perform the database operation.
* The **model** package contains all the model class of our service (Person.java Activity.java and ActivityType.java)
* The **resources** package contains the "web-logical" classes: ActivityTypeResource.java and PersonResource.java.
* The **App.java** contains the methods to launch the application server
* The **MyApplicationConfig.java** contains the general configuration of the server

In the **root** folder there is:
* WebContent/WEB-INF: Folder of web.xml file
* database.sqlite: Example of the database generated by the server during the initialization
* build.xml and ivy.xml that contains the ant-script part
* README.md: this file


## Execetuion

It is possible to launch the server App with the following command:
* move in the root directory project with ```cd /<ROOT_PROJECT_DIR>/```
* launch the ant-script with ```ant start```

There are also three additional commands:
* ```create.war```: To generate a .war file
* ```apache.deploy.war```: To deploy a .war file to a Tomcat WebServer